README.md, before:

Webpack Remove Code Blocks ![test workflow](https://github.com/kudashevs/webpack-remove-code-blocks/actions/workflows/run-tests.yml/badge.svg)
==========================

This Webpack Remove Code Blocks package was originated from [Webpack Remove Block](https://github.com/ee01/webpack-remove-blocks). 

This is a webpack loader that removes blocks of code which were marked with the specific comment tags. It is useful
for removing the code that you don't want to see in production. This loader supports multiple block types.

The key difference form the original loader that the syntax is not limited by using `:start` and `:end` markers.

## Usage

As a usage example let's look at the situation when we need to remove some code from a bundle. To do that we need to mark
this code somehow, and the less painful way to do that is to use comments. So, in places where we need to remove the code
from our js files let's add the comments with the specific syntax `devblock:start` and `devblock:end`:
```javascript
/* devblock:start */
console.log('something not for production');
/* devblock:end */
```

Then, we need to update our webpack configuration with the loader:

```javascript
module.exports = {
    module: {
        rules: [
            {
                test: /\.js$/,
                exclude: /(node_modules|bower_components|\.spec\.js)/,
                use: [
                    {
                        loader: 'webpack-remove-code-blocks',
                    },
                ],
            },
        ],
    },
};
```

After a bundling process this `console.log` code in the comments block will be removed (the comments will be removed too).

As an example, in place where we need to omit some code in our js files we can add the comments with the following syntax:

```javascript
/* debug:start */
console.log('debug');
/* debug:end */
var makeFoo = function(bar, baz) {
    // The following code will be removed with the loader
    /* devblock:start */
    if (bar instanceof Bar !== true) {
        throw new Error('makeFoo: bar param is required and must be instance of Bar');
    }
    /* devblock:end */

    /* devblock_start */
    if (baz instanceof Baz !== true) {
        throw new Error('makeFoo: baz param is required and must be instance of Baz');
    }
    /* devblock_end */

    // This code will remain
    return new Foo(bar, baz);
}
```

Then, we need to update our webpack config with the specific options and the loader:

```javascript
module.exports = {
    module: {
        rules: [
            {
                test: /\.js$/,
                exclude: /(node_modules|bower_components|\.spec\.js)/,
                use: [
                    {
                        loader: 'webpack-remove-code-blocks',
                        options: {
                            blocks: [
                                'debug',
                                'devblock',
                                {
                                    start: 'devblock_start',
                                    end: 'devblock_end',
                                    prefix: '/*',
                                    suffix: '*/',
                                },
                            ],
                        },
                    },
                ],
            },
        ],
    },
};
```

After a bundling process we will get the following result:

```javascript
var makeFoo = function(bar, baz) {
    // The following code will be removed with the loader


    // This code will remain
    return new Foo(bar, baz);
}
```

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.

Commit message:

Update README.md add an advanced usage example.

README.md, after:

Webpack Remove Code Blocks ![test workflow](https://github.com/kudashevs/webpack-remove-code-blocks/actions/workflows/run-tests.yml/badge.svg)
==========================

This Webpack Remove Code Blocks package was originated from [Webpack Remove Block](https://github.com/ee01/webpack-remove-blocks). 

This is a webpack loader that removes blocks of code which were marked with the specific comment tags. It is useful
for removing the code that you don't want to see in production. This loader supports multiple block types.

The key difference form the original loader that the syntax is not limited by using `:start` and `:end` markers.

## Usage

As a usage example let's look at the situation when we need to remove some code from a bundle. To do that we need to mark
this code somehow, and the less painful way to do that is to use comments. So, in places where we need to remove the code
from our js files let's add the comments with the specific syntax `devblock:start` and `devblock:end`:
```javascript
/* devblock:start */
console.log('something not for production');
/* devblock:end */
```

Then, we need to update our webpack configuration with the loader:

```javascript
module.exports = {
    module: {
        rules: [
            {
                test: /\.js$/,
                exclude: /(node_modules|bower_components|\.spec\.js)/,
                use: [
                    {
                        loader: 'webpack-remove-code-blocks',
                    },
                ],
            },
        ],
    },
};
```

After a bundling process this `console.log` code in the comments block will be removed (the comments will be removed too).

## Advanced usage

Let's suppose, that we have a more sophisticated case, which includes lots of blocks to be removed. That is not a problem.
The only thing we need to do is to update the webpack configuration with the specific options.

```javascript
/* debug:start */
console.log('debug');
/* debug:end */
var makeFoo = function(bar, baz) {
    // The following code will be removed with the loader
    /* devblock:start */
    if (bar instanceof Bar !== true) {
        throw new Error('makeFoo: bar param is required and must be instance of Bar');
    }
    /* devblock:end */

    /* devblock_start */
    if (baz instanceof Baz !== true) {
        throw new Error('makeFoo: baz param is required and must be instance of Baz');
    }
    /* devblock_end */

    // This code will remain
    return new Foo(bar, baz);
}
```

Then, we need to update our webpack configuration with the specific options and the loader:

```javascript
module.exports = {
    module: {
        rules: [
            {
                test: /\.js$/,
                exclude: /(node_modules|bower_components|\.spec\.js)/,
                use: [
                    {
                        loader: 'webpack-remove-code-blocks',
                        options: {
                            blocks: [
                                'debug',
                                'devblock',
                                {
                                    start: 'devblock_start',
                                    end: 'devblock_end',
                                    prefix: '/*',
                                    suffix: '*/',
                                },
                            ],
                        },
                    },
                ],
            },
        ],
    },
};
```

After a bundling process we will get the following result:

```javascript
var makeFoo = function(bar, baz) {
    // The following code will be removed with the loader


    // This code will remain
    return new Foo(bar, baz);
}
```

## License

The MIT License (MIT). Please see [License File](LICENSE.md) for more information.
